Initial documentation review: getting-started (#303)
egil/bUnit: docs/site/docs/interaction/trigger-renders.md

## InvokeAsync

> Invoking methods on a component under test which cause [__AP: I'm assuming it's the _methods_ that cause the render rather than the _component under test_ - is that right?__] a render - e.g. by calling `StateHasChanged` - can result in the following error:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoking methods on a component under test, which cause a render, e.g. by calling `StateHasChanged`, can result in the following error, if the caller is running on another thread than the renderer's thread:

```

> AP: I'm assuming it's the _methods_ that cause the render rather than the _component under test_ - is that right?

Hmm, not really. It is the act of calling the methods owned by the component, which can result in the exception listed below, if the caller is not running on the renderers thread.

Is the suggested change more clear?

Author: Ah, I can see now that the problem was more about the clause 'which cause a render'. It should be 'which causes a render', and then all is good I think.

## InvokeAsync

Invoking methods on a component under test, which causes a render, e.g. by calling `StateHasChanged`, can result in the following error, if the caller is running on another thread than the renderer's thread:

> The current thread is not associated with the Dispatcher. Use InvokeAsync() to switch execution to the Dispatcher when triggering rendering or component state.

If you receive this error, you need to invoke your method inside an `Action` delegate passed to the [`InvokeAsync(...)`](xref:Bunit.RenderedComponentInvokeAsyncExtensions.InvokeAsync``1(Bunit.IRenderedComponentBase{``0},System.Action)) method.

> Let’s look at an example of this, using the `<Calc>` component listed below: [__AP: Should this be ImperativeCalc?__]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let’s look at an example of this, using the `<Calc>` component listed below:
```
> [__AP: Should this be ImperativeCalc?__]

I just renamed it to Calc.
